hi YouTube I just want to show you my
drift store finds my favorite ones I
have a goodwill near my place and these
are what I got on my favorite ones that
i got from their first is to a fur vest
it's like a very dark brown to black and
it's almost like it's in good condition
it looks new when I got it I can tell by
the feel of the fur and how the fabric
looks like it was immaculate when I got
it and it's from fury it's a size small
it's a little bit big on me I normally
wear extra small but I look at online
the same day when I got it and I found a
similar one from the same brand theory
in bloomingdales that sells for eight
hundred dollars but I got this for ten
dollars
I'm not sure what the lining is made of
um it says offer and cut and yeah so
this is for and this part is cotton it's
like a satin cotton thing and then next
one that I got is an Adriano Goldschmidt
jeans it's dark wash it's in good
condition I just have a little not sure
if this is even damaged or part of the
design and symbols up and it's a tiny
one yeah it's straight denim dark wash
from adriano goldschmied
that's the design name the model and it
has a leather tag these teams run up to
like two hundred dollars online when I
look it up yeah but I got it for seven
dollars and this one is really
interesting it's like not sure it's not
corduroy but it's very stretchable and
it has a velvety texture to it but it's
not velvet and it's like gray black and
gray it's from foreign arena I believe
it's Italian it's an Italian oh yeah it
says foreign arena Italy on that button
and it was foreign arena here and it has
a leather tag to this is for knowing
that the back nice gifts and it's it's
like tight and stretchy and it flares at
the bottom very flattering I also got a
gap sweater this is a cashmere and
cotton blend Carly is sleeping honey
sleeping this is from gap it's an extra
small turtleneck sweater light blue and
it's cotton in Kashmir oh yeah i got
those jeans or seven dollars each and
this sweater is three dollars and i also
got a juicy couture jumpsuit it suffice
p which is the smaller size
it's black and it's a jumpsuit as a
small step there I have to wash it
that's all I ask but it's still in good
condition no damages as the Jays it
black like a psycho one piece with
shorts and a short puff sleeve and hood
we got this for four dollars and then I
got this gap bag I psyched up Hulk
jacket and it's the whole bowl and it
has the fun lightning got this for seven
dollars i think pocket and last but not
the least this coach bag can you believe
you buy nautical star from the trip
store this cold stare and this detail i
believe it's an old model it's made of
coughs leather at that detail it looks
preppy the tag adjustable straps it's in
good condition it's it doesn't have dirt
all and it has a tassel so i said it
looks
and
coach blah blah blah with a serial
number and just a brown brown and gold
no it's just brown yeah Brown in ten
piece and I got this coach bag for
thirteen dollars at the thrift store
yeah that's it thank you for watching